Security: What Is a Good Number of Block Confirmations? (#1245)
ethereumclassic/ethereumclassic.github.io: content/blog/2023-06-28-etc-transaction-security-what-is-a-good-number-of-block-confirmations/index.md

The way to protect yourself from this kind of attack is to use many confirmations, more specifically, a number that is proportional to the amount of money received.

The logic of this defense mechanism is to use sufficient confirmations to make it economically unfeasible for the attacker to make any money.

This is how it works: If each block has a cost to build, then, when receiving crypto assets, one should wait a number of confirmations that would make the value of that number of blocks equal or greater to the value of the crypto assets received.

For example, if a block in ETC currently costs $38.40 to build, and someone sends you $384.00 in ETC, then if you just wait 10 blocks you would be safe because if any attacker were to spend more capital in making blocks to reverse that transaction they would lose money.

With this logic, we can make these calculations for different transactions values to be safe:

- $1,000 -> wait 26 blocks
- $5,000 -> wait 130 blocks
- $10,000 -> wait 260 blocks
- $100,000 -> wait 2,604 blocks
- $1,000,000 -> wait 26,041 blocks

## How to Check Transaction Block Confirmations

![Transaction on the ETC blockchain.](./33.png)

> As we explained in our previous post, the way to check the statistics of a transaction is to use block explorers. The main block explorer for ETC is [Blockscout](https://blockscout.com/etc/mainnet).

Reviewer: Line 96: Correct article usage and plural agreement
```suggestion
As explained in our previous post, the way to check the statistics of a transaction is to use a block explorer. The most commonly used block explorer for ETC is [Blockscout](https://blockscout.com/etc/mainnet).
```

> Each transaction on the ETC blockchain has a transaction ID called “transaction hash”. By entering that ID on Blockscout, you can check all its information and in one section at the top is shows the confirmation times with the tag “Confirmed by”.

Reviewer: Line 98:  Add article; Information added for accuracy; Remove run-on sentence; Correct verb form
```suggestion
Each transaction on the ETC blockchain has a transaction ID called the “transaction hash”. By entering that ID in the search field on Blockscout, you can check all its information. In one section at the top is shown the confirmation times with the tag “Confirmed by”.
```

In the transaction in the image, for example, there have been 6,585 confirmations since that transaction was sent.

> You may check out this transaction in the image by going to the following link:

Reviewer: Line 102: Correct article usage
```suggestion
You may check out the transaction in the image by going to the following link:
```

https://blockscout.com/etc/mainnet/tx/0x486c889edde1857c99aa925eb48bdfe494ca7653abed7045c2ebb3b315098ece

> By the time you see it it will have many more confirmations!

Reviewer: Line 106: Add Oxford comma
```suggestion
By the time you see it, it will have many more confirmations!
```

## Counterparty Trust

> Ironically, the highest value transactions may be the ones that are dependent the most on trust between the parties!

Reviewer: Line 130:  Add hyphenation; Reorder wording for readability
```suggestion
Ironically, the highest-value transactions may be the ones that are the most dependent on trust between the parties!
```
